updated new pipeline docs (issue #1615) (#1727)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/developers/adding_pipelines.md

this new branch using the UI there.
Once created, you can open a pull request and select this as the target branch.

Don't forget to ask for help if you have any doubts!
([Slack](https://nf-co.re/join/slack),alternatively if you already joined Slack you can go directly to the [#help](https://nfcore.slack.com/channels/help) channel)

### Setting up a test workflow

Now that your test data is hosted on the web, you can set up a `test` config profile in your
workflow that points to it.

> In fact, the `test` profile should already exist if you've used the template (you can find it in nf-core/my_workflow/conf/test.config).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A stub `test` profile should already exist in `conf/test.config`, so you just need to edit that file.
```

Sometimes, especially when adding new features to a pipeline, the dependencies change as well. In such cases, you might want to have an updated Docker Container available before submitting a pull request, in order to have the GitHub Actions tests run through when testing your updated code. To achieve that, please follow these steps:

- Add _only_ the newly required dependencies to the `environment.yml` in the pipeline code
- If you only add new processes to an already existing pipeline however, you can simply specify the container in the `nextflow.config` file, like so:

```bash
process {
    withName:foo {
        container = 'image_name_1'
    }
    withName:bar {
        container = 'image_name_2'
    }

>     }

Reviewer 2: Can't tell on mobile whether this is properly indented or not

charliecloud {
    enabled = true
}

> ```

Reviewer 2: I think prettier wants it to have a space

Author: I swear to god prettier is giving me PTSD, i gotta bring it up with my therapist after this hackaton

Sometimes, especially when adding new features to a pipeline, the dependencies change as well. In such cases, you might want to have an updated Docker Container available before submitting a pull request, in order to have the GitHub Actions tests run through when testing your updated code. To achieve that, please follow these steps:

- Add _only_ the newly required dependencies to the `environment.yml` in the pipeline code
- If you only add new processes to an already existing pipeline however, you can simply specify the container in the `nextflow.config` file, like so:

> ```bash

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```nextflow
````

>  process {
>     withName:foo {
>         container = 'image_name_1'
>         }
>     withName:bar {
>         container = 'image_name_2'
>         }
>       }
>  charliecloud {
>     enabled = true
>     }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
process {
    withName:foo {
        container = 'image_name_1'
    }
    withName:bar {
        container = 'image_name_2'
    }
}
charliecloud {
    enabled = true
}
```

- `.editorconfig`: Editorconfig file that helps assuring consistent coding style

- `.prettierrc.yml`: Prettier lint configuration file to assure consistent markdown files

- `.prettierignore`: Files that should be ignored by prettier

- `modules.json`: This file holds information (e.g. version) about all the modules in the pipeline that have been installed from `nf-core/modules`

> - `.nf-core.yml`: Indicates the type of repository (the standard being pipeline)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `.nf-core.yml`: Indicates the type of repository (pipeline or modules repo)
```

> - `.gitpod.yml`: Extensions to properly visualise the pipeline on github

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `.gitpod.yml`: Config file to define online working environment with <https://www.gitpod.io>
```

> - `pyproject.toml`: Config file for Python. Mostly used to configure linting of bin/check_samplesheet.py with Black

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `pyproject.toml`: Config file for Python. Mostly used to configure linting of `bin/check_samplesheet.py` with Black
```

### Directories

> -`.devcontainer.json`: Specific container to facilitate updating the pipeline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `.devcontainer`: Configuration to work with the [GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/features/codespaces) online editing environments.
```

## DSL2 and modules

> Nextflow DSL2 allows for a more modularized design of pipelines and the reuse of components. Currently, most nf-core pipelines are written in DSL2, and DSL1 is considered outdated. The nf-core team has developed a set of design patterns on how to best implement DSL2 pipelines, which should be used by all nf-core pipelines in order to assure standardization and the reuse of components. The following is meant to help understand certain design choices and how a nf-core DSL2 pipeline should be build.

Reviewer: No longer needed - DSL1 won't even run any more.

```suggestion
Nextflow DSL2 allows for a more modularized design of pipelines and the reuse of components. The nf-core team has developed a set of design patterns on how to best implement DSL2 pipelines, which should be used by all nf-core pipelines in order to assure standardization and the reuse of components. The following is meant to help understand certain design choices and how a nf-core DSL2 pipeline should be build.
```
